<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_atz_n4w_24b">
  <title>Reusing Content with References and Keys</title>
  <body>
    <p>DITA allows you to reuse content by referencing it in another topic. DITA provides <xref
        href="https://www.oxygenxml.com/doc/versions/23.0/ug-editor/topics/working-with-content-references.html"
        format="html" scope="external">several mechanisms for including content by reference</xref>
        (<i>conref</i>, <i>conkeyref</i>, <i>coderef</i>). </p>
    <p><ul id="ul_ycs_54w_24b">
        <li>Conref - </li>
      </ul>A conref (content reference) creates a direct reference to a specific element of another
      topic. </p>
    <p><ul id="ul_vzl_v4w_24b">
        <li>Conkey ref - </li>
    </ul><b>A conkeyref (content key reference) creates</b> a reference to a key, which then points to a
      specific element in another topic. The advantage of using a <i>conkeyref</i> is that you can
      change the element that is included by changing the key reference. </p>
    <p>For example, since keys are defined in maps, if you include a topic in multiple maps, you can
      use a different key reference in each map. <ul id="ul_hbj_z4w_24b">
        <li>Coderef - </li>
      </ul>A <i>coderef</i> references an external file that contains literal code.</p>
    <p><b>Oxygen XML Editor provides support for all of these mechanisms.</b></p>
    <p><note/>While the <i>conref</i> and <i>conkeyref</i> mechanisms can be used to reference any
      content element, it is considered best practice to only <i>conref</i> or <i>conkeyref</i>
      content that is specifically set and managed as reusable content. This practice helps reduce
      expensive errors, such as an author accidentally deleting the source element that other topics
      are including by the reference. Oxygen XML Editor can help you create a reusable component
      from your current content.</p>
    <p></p>
  </body>
</topic>
