<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_y4g_3qq_c4b">
  <title><b>MPC8306KIT Software</b></title>
  <body>
    <p>A board support package (BSP) is pre-installed on the MPC8306_KIT. This BSP consists of a
      boot loader (u-boot), a generic PowerPC Linux-based system, and an associated file system.
      U-boot, the Linux kernel, and the file system reside in the on-board Flash memory. At power
      up, the Linux system runs on the MPC8306_KIT.</p>
    <p>The MPC8306KIT BSP generation takes advantage of a tool called theLinux target image builder
      (LTIB). LTIB is a suite of tools that leverages existing open source configuration scripts and
      source code packages and bundles them into a single BSP-generation package. The source code
      packages include boot loaders and Linux kernel sources as well as many user-space source code
      packages to build a complete BSP. LTIB also provides compiler packages required to build the
      BSP. Freescale developers use LTIB to create BSPs</p>
    <p><b>PowerQUICC MPC8306KIT User’s Guide, Rev. 0</b></p>
    <p id="page42"><b>History</b></p>
    <p>for a multitude of Freescale development targets. LTIB leverages as many BSP elements as
      possible for all Freescale-supported targets, and it offers the flexibility to customize
      components that require platform-specific modifications.</p>
    <p>The MPC8306KIT BSP release package contains a file named
      ltib-mpc830xsom-&lt;yyyymmdd&gt;.iso. This file is an ISO image that can be burned to a CD-ROM
      or mounted directly from your hard disk. Note that &lt;yyyymmdd&gt; is the release creation
      date. The LTIB installation script that installs all necessary packages on a host Linux PC and
      allows you to modify the BSP and packages within the BSP is in the ISO image.</p>
    <p>This ISO image contains a file called README that describes how to generate and install the
      BSP on the MPC8306KIT hardware platform. README contains the latest information for each BSP
      release. To rebuild the BSP package or to add application software, carefully follow the
      instructions <xref href="required_reading.dita"/> This file contains details on how to build,
      run, and install the BSP.It guides the user to achieve a successful re-installation of the BSP
      on the MPC8306_KIT. This ISO image contains the following documents:</p>
    <ul id="ul_mdq_rqq_c4b">
      <li>MPC8306-KIT User_Guide.pdf</li>
      <li>FREESCALE_MPC8306_SOM.pdf and FREESCALE</li>
    </ul>
    <p>For more information on the MPC8306KIT, visit the Freescale web site. To run demonstrations
      or to acquire details of Freescale third-party applications for this MPC8306KIT, contact your
      local Freescale sales office.</p>
    <p/>
  </body>
</topic>
